Commands:
    Notes (not a command):
        The player-name part of any command can be replace with "all" or "*" to use it on all online players.
        You can type a command without any parameters (Ex: /tt chatter) to see the description and usage information for that command.
    
    Help:
        Description: Lists all tools available to you.
        Usage: /tt help
    
    Chatter:
        Description: Forces the specified player to say something or execute a command.
        Usage: /tt chatter player-name message-to-send
        Usage Example: /tt chatter mcguy I love My Little Pony!
        Example Effect: Would force mcguy to say "I love My Little Pony!"

    Damage:
        Description: Causes a certain amount of damage to the specified player.
        Usage: /tt damage player-name damage-amount(optional 0-20, default: half a heart)
        Usage Example: /tt damage mcguy 10
        Example Effect: mcguy would lose half his health.
    
    Dropper:
        Description: Causes the specified player to drop their items on the ground nearby.
        Usage: /tt dropper player-name
        Usage Example: /tt dropper mcguy
        Example Effect: mcguy would drop all his items on the ground.
        Note: If the items cannot be safely dropped (would be dropped inside a wall) then it will notify you and their items will not be dropped.
        
    Explode:
        Description: Causes the specified player to explode (will kill them and damage nearby blocks).
        Usage: /tt explode player-name explosion-size(optional, default: 5)
        Usage Example: /tt explode mcguy 20
        Example Effect: mcguy would die in a huge explosion.
        Note: Be careful with this command, it has high griefing potential, and a large enough explosion could cause a server crash.
        
    Hunger:
        Description: Sets the specified player's hunger to a value from 0-20 (0 being starving, 20 being full).
        Usage: /tt hunger player-name hunger-amount(optional 0-20, default: 0)
        Usage Example: /tt hunger mcguy 10
        Example Effect: mcguy would be at half hunger.
        